oh my god I'm so excited I'm about to
embark the extremely rare or maybe 2011
duty of Nikolai free movie cuts it is
here we go
oh there's the fun that seared the spine
and the back this is actually a 2011 DVD
because right here says copyright 2011
by Paramount Pictures it doesn't come in
a slipcover case oh my god this DVD is
extremely earlier oh my god
I wasn't gonna get this movie on recess
but now that it comes in the movie
collector I not gonna get the B says no
more
here's the dishes themselves I Wild
Thornberrys movie has the stick the
label this has the sticker label - oops
and that's kind of weird State got mixed
up an hour and Barnard has the ink label
oh wait oh my god I'm so excited
well that's buzz and don't tell me to
upload everyone the opening credits
that's copyrighted by Viacom I can only
do the openings and closings well that's
pretty much it for today bye